a good personal health is arguably one
of the most important aspects of your
entire life now fitness is not easy
we're out to change that we're ultimate
fitness more fun simple and social it's
not enough to just know that that you
are active or how active you were during
the day in order to really progress and
succeed you have to know exactly what
you were doing amigo is composed of two
main parts the first part is the
hardware and the other part of the
software hardware consists of a
wristband and a shoe clip and the
software is designed to make your
experience is more fun social and
engaging we started out with some simple
concept illustrations until we arrived
at you know a beautiful and practical
design we wanted it to be as small as
possible and we went to great lengths if
you make that happen amigos about the
details the details of your activities
and the details about how your body is
responding to those activities our team
has developed a series of algorithms
capable of converting acceleration data
into descriptions of the activity that's
being performed which means you can
perform an activity at any speed and the
system will automatically recognize and
track the type of exercise and the
details of that exercise so things like
reps sets speed even intensity the
system can even differentiate between
very similar activities such as jogging
on the treadmill which is the elliptical
or various types of bicep curls or golf
swings the system is designed to learn
about each user so the more you work out
amigo more valuable if it comes to you
over time we can use your past data to
better predict and recommend work out
for you in the future we get a fitness
experience where you can actually track
and see your activities and the
activities of your friends in real time
users can earn points they can set goals
and see their progress towards the
cheating those goals they can set up
competitions and wager points with
friends and competitions they can even
redeem their points for discounts on
supplements and other health
in here because Fitness isn't fun when
you're doing it by yourself and that's
what amigo is all about that's the
essence of amigo when you can share
something that's really when you're
happy and the first thing you do when
you accomplish something great is share
it with some of them no matter what
exercise or activity you're performing
amigo will add value to the experience
fun simple and social and we've built a
platform that is perfect for that we
have a prototype that works and we've
created a brand new technology help us
put amigo into your hands reserve one
today
you